Undeclared pumping wells make direct groundwater-use information
GWL fluctuations form a time series that mixes forcings with different
The Choshui GWL data were recorded hourly across four aquifers for
Seven to eight identified IMF components plus a residual trend per
One average frequency or period for each station-specific IMF.
Mean-shift classes of comparable IMF periods.
Orthogonal spatial EOF patterns and temporal expansion coefficients.
Rotated spatial EOF patterns and corresponding expansion coefficients.
EOF modes identified as recharge-associated signals.
Cumulative recharge-associated groundwater variation h R(x,t).
Recharge-removed groundwater variation containing pumping-related
A second set of IMFs from the recharge-removed groundwater signal.
Pumping-associated IMFs with periods from one to seven days.
Spatiotemporal pumping-associated groundwater variation h P(x,t).
Station-based pumping-associated head-change rates over the selected
Continuous pumping-associated head-change-rate field across the
Spatiotemporal pumping-rate fields carrying storage-coefficient
Monthly pumping-rate time series for the entire aquifer.
An annual pumping interval of 1.71-2.05 billion m³/year.
Similar temporal patterns between estimated pumping rates and regional
Spatial agreement between estimated pumping-induced drawdown and the
Dense hourly groundwater levels support a regional pumping